Add some docs about debugging (#709)
allenai/OLMo: docs/NOTES.md

best_generation = outputs.token_ids[0][0].tolist()
print(tokenizer.decode(best_generation))
```

## Debugging

### Finding the cause of hangs

Hangs in distributed training can be due to several different causes, including
bad user code, AMD/Nvidia memory-allocation issues, or issues in hardware setup.
These issues can be difficult to root-cause and even harder to fix.

> One approach we use to find the cause of a hang in distributed is to first identify which processes/nodes are hanging. The [scripts/pyspy_all_processes.sh](https://github.com/allenai/OLMo/blob/main/scripts/pyspy_all_processes.sh) script retrieves the python state of relevant python processes using `pyspy`. A process/node with different state may be experiencing a hang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One approach we use to find the cause of a hang in distributed training is to first identify which processes/nodes are hanging. The [scripts/pyspy_all_processes.sh](https://github.com/allenai/OLMo/blob/main/scripts/pyspy_all_processes.sh) script retrieves the python state of relevant python processes using `pyspy`. A process/node with different state may be experiencing a hang.
```

If a hang is suspected to be in GPU code, then you can run `gcore <pid>` on a hanging process to get core dumps. Then you can run `gdb <corefile>` and check where the code is hanging from a C++ perspective. Code being stuck on a GPU memory allocation (malloc) may be indicative of a hardware/setup issue rather than a problem in training code.

### Comparing two models that should be identical

> There are some scenarios when one might want to investigate why two models/setups that should be identical but yield different results. A naive solution is to run both setups side-by-side and compare results manually (and this might not be possible if you have just 1 GPU).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some scenarios when one might want to investigate why two models/setups that should be identical are yielding different results. A naive solution is to run both setups side-by-side and compare results manually (and this might not be possible if you have just 1 GPU).
```
